Some newbies will immediately start building wall troops. I STRONGLY urge against this. Although wall troops build might very quickly, they are destroyed even faster. Honestly, they only serve to provide people like me easy TK's (Troops Killed) to climb the Rankings. Unless you have a Quest telling you "Build 10 Trebuchets" please AVOID building wall might. I, or some douchebag like me, will find you and destroy them. Case in point? This idiot, who has a city very close to me, builds about 150K might in walls every week. I let him build those walls up every week. And every week I knock them down with only a loss of about 15K might. It makes you a BIG RED TARGET!!!!

Here's what you should do instead... 

First and foremost, get rid of any extra resources. You shouldn't have any over the vault limit to begin with, so SHARE! Your alliance members could use the res, I assure you. If you're not in an alliance, (you lone wolf, you), then pay attention to the next segment.

Now, build up your watch tower. It's honestly not that hard and if you're serious about your TK's, it needs to be done. 

Next, pay attention when you have an incoming attack. Do NOT immediately run to the alliance chat and request reins. It pays to actually know who's coming, how many troops, what type of troops, etc. Then you can ask for reins with knowledge, if necessary. 

After assessing the attack, you can determine what you need to do. If it's only a few troops, say 5,000 and you have 200,000 might you can take some necessary steps to show them who's boss. 
	
	1) Assign your highest ranking hero to Training in the Great Hall. This increases your defense rating. 
	
	2) Unhide your troops so that they can defend your city. Don't forget to hide your troops again after the attack. You don't want to fall asleep with your troops open (I've been zeroed by doing this twice. It's really frustrating).
	
	3) If you think it's really necessary, use that defense rune that you've had in your items collecting dust all this time. It helps more than you would think
	
	
Here comes the fun part, if it's only a single porter, don't unhide your troops. Let the person think you're offline and not paying attention to what's coming. Then, when they send in a bunch of soldiers in that you know you can decimate, DESTROY THEM. Of course, it would also help to do your research. If your watch tower is high enough, you can see the user name of who's attacking. If you've got the time before the attack, go to the Rank button on the screen and look up that user. You can click on their name and see how much might they have. Knowledge is power. 

Let's say you don't have enough troops to defend your city against the guy with 16 Million Might. Do NOT defend your city. You're weak, and their strong, and honestly, you can always go farming to get those resources back later. It's not worth losing all of your troops over, and it's certainly not worth giving him/her more TKs under the belt. 
